Out of Legos.
Gwenevere Abriel: Audio
Gwenevere Abriel: running late and I was running late.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's hard right after a group, it's hard for
LG Stylo 5: Me.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's little fires to put out right at the end.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got a nine o'clock group on Mondays. So I do apologize for not being there quicker. How long should I make you wait
LG Stylo 5: Just like 10 minutes I got here like 1010. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so talk to me. How's your confidence. How's your self esteem as you're looking for a job. How you doing,
LG Stylo 5: Better actually since on yesterday I went to church.
LG Stylo 5: Since that day.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, that
LG Stylo 5: Was it last Wednesday, I guess when I was with my aunt, when we had our last individual
LG Stylo 5: Us. I was um I I stayed at her house until today until yesterday.
LG Stylo 5: I went to church with her and stuff yesterday. And then she was just letting me use her car while she was at work and stuff to go for applications and stuff and
LG Stylo 5: I kind of got a lot of applications in and then
LG Stylo 5: And
LG Stylo 5: Then when I came back yesterday. My mom had
LG Stylo 5: Had a paper for me that her
LG Stylo 5: One of her friends works out at Macy's at the mall or do not may seem to dealers. Okay.
LG Stylo 5: And
LG Stylo 5: That's where I was. Now, I took. I took the bus or there this morning early and then
LG Stylo 5: I was going to be real late so I called my mom and told her she couldn't work right click can pick me up and bring come join me off, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, that was awfully responsive. What do you think of you that you you put this this program in such
Gwenevere Abriel: A priority. What do you think of you.
LG Stylo 5: I feel better since Wednesday night because I feel like I've been in competition because
LG Stylo 5: Since I since that day. I really haven't really
LG Stylo 5: accomplished much like good like job wise and applications and
LG Stylo 5: Stuff like that. But
LG Stylo 5: Um,
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, I don't know how you feel good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah but but specifically around making sure that you didn't miss
LG Stylo 5: This
Gwenevere Abriel: Event. Do you see, you see that a year ago, do you think you would have done that or you thinking would have blown this off.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, I probably would have
LG Stylo 5: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: What you did was incredibly mature so adult
Gwenevere Abriel: Really adult. Does it feel like that.
Yeah.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, and
LG Stylo 5: I guess I would just kind of
LG Stylo 5: Scared or not scared, but just because how what had happened with the
LG Stylo 5: Most work. Yeah. And I so I wanted to make sure I was here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for a while out them. That's how it is right, we have this
LG Stylo 5: Motivation. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to, you know, have to come off of the subs abruptly. I want to make sure I get my medicine for a while. It's that and then later on.
Gwenevere Abriel: You start to say, oh, I need this, I need to connect with a therapist. I need to talk through my fear, I need to talk through I need this healing experience of talking with another human being. It feels good. I'm healing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Later on, it becomes
Gwenevere Abriel: That. But in the front end of treatment. Sometimes it's things like I don't want to go to jail. I don't want to kick the opiates and be sweaty and miserable and throwing up and crapping myself. I don't want that.
LG Stylo 5: For some
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, and over time, it changes so that you can see. Eventually, the value of what it does for your soul for your heart.
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell me a little bit about what you got from being at church, tell me.
LG Stylo 5: I don't know, I just
LG Stylo 5: It's like she goes to a, it's a big church. It's like, it's like the movie theater something bigger than bigger than a movie theater and there's like vehicles. I know I never been to church like W port and
LG Stylo 5: When I went with her before she was going to like a smaller church, but I guess she had just recently started going to this new church and
LG Stylo 5: I don't know if it has big old TV screens like I don't know. It's crazy. And there's like a lot of people like, I don't know. And it was it was cool. Actually, I kinda like that truth. She was more like
LG Stylo 5: Like for like younger people, I guess like got to know like
Gwenevere Abriel: There were some people that you could maybe relate to a little bit there.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, I like it.
LG Stylo 5: was nice. I enjoyed him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you hear anything that sort of struck you that you related to
LG Stylo 5: I'm not really because even my aunt says that
LG Stylo 5: We picked the wrong day the wrong Sunday to go because
He
LG Stylo 5: Um,
LG Stylo 5: He wasn't really talking about
Like
LG Stylo 5: I guess the Bible. I guess he was just
LG Stylo 5: You were just going. You were just talking about kind of some random stuff but
LG Stylo 5: It was, I don't know, I just like it was cool. And what
Gwenevere Abriel: Will you go again.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, I told her that I would go this next Sunday. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's it like to stay with your audience versus your mom's
LG Stylo 5: I talked to talk more
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mom seem like she's still kind of judgmental.
LG Stylo 5: I guess like
LG Stylo 5: I don't know. She's just she just I guess for the job situation that's what she's really like
LG Stylo 5: Because I love that I quit my job, or I lost my job right, everyone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does she see that you're doing everything you can.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, totally. Because last time she last time.
LG Stylo 5: I got a job like it was the fastest ever got a job like I i did the application and I didn't even call he called me and within like three hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I remember that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that was a pretty unique
LG Stylo 5: Scenario. Yeah, exactly. And so in Jesus thinks that like
LG Stylo 5: I could just do that again or something new.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: She gets to think that you got to maintain yourself out. And I realized that was a one off that it would happen that fast most jobs. I mean, sometimes it can take a month. I mean, it just, it just does. That's just timing.
LG Stylo 5: And then what you don't understand is because she goes to I guess you don't see me.
LG Stylo 5: Doing stuff because she goes to work out five in the morning. She don't she don't she don't get home until like almost like three o'clock. So the term that she's at work is when I'm doing everything and then when she gets home at like three she sees me. Not really.
LG Stylo 5: Doing the job situation. So she thinks that I haven't done anything at all in any
Gwenevere Abriel: I do. So let's talk about is it important to you to show her to prove to her. How important is it is. It's not that we won't spend another minute on it. But if it is we could be creative and figure out a way
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want her to believe you.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, I do. But it's just that I understand where she's coming from because I have
LG Stylo 5: liked her a lot when I was using and stuff.
LG Stylo 5: And
LG Stylo 5: So that's, I understand where she's coming from but I just
LG Stylo 5: Wish you would believe me, like when I'm
LG Stylo 5: When I'm really actually doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So again, how important is it because we can come up with a way to show for that you're doing this.
LG Stylo 5: I guess it's not important to sure that I'm doing. I just wanted to just get the job in big like had told you I've been doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, all right, fine, but if you decide to you can take a picture of where you are. You can take a picture of the application, but just be flooding or with them five applications, a day, this was complete. This was complete. This one's complete. You see what I'm saying.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's not see if you want to, if she's giving you such a hard time, you could say, well, this is, this is what the job is I get to have rent. But this is what I do is I show her
You could decide
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, I could have been doing that, I guess, cuz she just wasn't
LG Stylo 5: She just wasn't believing like because when she gets home like I would
LG Stylo 5: It would really be, like, three o'clock, so I will like sometimes I go meet my brothers, because he gets off at like 240 from school and his cause like
LG Stylo 5: Pretty much to cross the street. So he walks to school and walks home from school and
LG Stylo 5: Sometimes I'll just go there and in meet them and then when I get back. She'll. She'll be here and then she'll be like, she'll think that I that I was gone all day that I'm just barely getting back like it's just I don't know if he just thinks pages.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's up to you. Right. But you have that choice. If you take the belief away that you shouldn't have to that you should be trusted. If you take that out of the picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you say to yourself, you know what, I'm appreciative that my mother is giving me this space to come back here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want to show her that I am I'm want to earn her trust back even if I don't agree with the fact that I broke it however you make that in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could decide from today forward to show her because it may only take a day and doing it, then she's off your back and she's believing you for the rest of the month, or it may take two days or whatever. But my point is
Gwenevere Abriel: You may want to spend time repairing that a little bit. I don't know.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, I guess. Yeah. Cuz I do wanna
LG Stylo 5: I do want to trash man believe
LG Stylo 5: When I tell her.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm doing something right. Because how else do people know we only know what we can see with her eyes and, you know, and there was an erosion of trust. I think when you know you went back to her at, you know, to the your children's mother.
LG Stylo 5: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's kind of like, well, now I don't know if what he's saying is true and does you really see how important is that he contribute income, etc. So just just saying it might be an option for you. I'm going to walk away from the screen and go put socks on, it is freezing in this House.
Gwenevere Abriel: And my feet are bear. So I'm gonna go grab some socks.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll
Gwenevere Abriel: Be right back.
LG Stylo 5: Hi red
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not far
Okay.
LG Stylo 5: Now you're seeing the difference with my at my moment just when I was over there for like those four days or whatever.
LG Stylo 5: I just
LG Stylo 5: It just felt on on different like I couldn't
LG Stylo 5: Talk to her about anything. And she's not gonna cheat on
LG Stylo 5: Me.
LG Stylo 5: You just never
LG Stylo 5: Know how my aunt's just always there and have a nice, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it more accepting where she's just not not
Gwenevere Abriel: Not focused on the job, but more about she's interested in you. She's interested in how you're feeling what your thoughts are
Yeah, okay.
LG Stylo 5: My mom.
LG Stylo 5: Like she told me, like she told me that link. I understand.
LG Stylo 5: She'll just say I understand how you're feeling and I know I've been there with you if like my dad and stuff.
LG Stylo 5: She understand it's my baby's mom read every book.
LG Stylo 5: I didn't know
Gwenevere Abriel: There's just something missing about her compassion or empathy, maybe
LG Stylo 5: She just don't
LG Stylo 5: I just could never talk to her ever
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back to some things that we were exploring last time. Can we do that. Can we talk a little bit about some imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: As we continue to move and prepare we're into this preparation phase of, you know, down the line. I'd like to do some some trauma work with you not traumatized, you of course but want to
Gwenevere Abriel: End our work and part of it is PREP preparing and making sure that you have to have the psychological resources and I do a lot of work with imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: And notice how last time I had asked you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That I wanted you to think about someone real or imagined that embodies the quality of a protective person and you said, I don't know. Do you remember that.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you had any time to to think a little bit further on it.
LG Stylo 5: You just
LG Stylo 5: Said it again. I just started my grandma.
LG Stylo 5: Grandma grandma in there then ok so
LG Stylo 5: The one and the one that raised me like she's already passed away. Now, or whatever, but
LG Stylo 5: The one she raised me like since I was three to like 14 or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture her doing something saying something being protective just pull it into your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you picture her doing something and being protective
LG Stylo 5: Just
LG Stylo 5: They're just raising me since I was three. I don't know. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you got an image in your mind.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we have a nurturing figure of your aunt
Gwenevere Abriel: Who is unconditionally there for you, no matter what.
Gwenevere Abriel: She'll say let's go to church and
LG Stylo 5: Write
Gwenevere Abriel: Sentences from five on
Gwenevere Abriel: Video Clips on a from a pastor
LG Stylo 5: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's also get an image of the quality of someone real or imagined. And if you have to go to a book or to a movie or TV show or something, you've heard or seen once you to picture the quality of someone real or imagined that is wise.
LG Stylo 5: That is why
Why
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your time with it. You don't have to hurry not going anymore.
LG Stylo 5: I guess.
LG Stylo 5: I would say my
LG Stylo 5: My grandpa. Yeah, he's not really my example, but
LG Stylo 5: It's my my grandma, my mom's
LG Stylo 5: Mom's
LG Stylo 5: Been my guess.
LG Stylo 5: But not now because she's with some other guy now. But when I was a kid. They were married and
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you call them.
LG Stylo 5: I call them my grandpa.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, so we only need you to know this. It's, it's just the census quality of Grampa so pull that into your, your awareness right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to picture him saying something doing something really representing that quality of wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Present without for a minute.
LG Stylo 5: Like, does that mean like
LG Stylo 5: He does, and he will lead us through what
Gwenevere Abriel: I know right if someone's wise.
Gwenevere Abriel: They know what to do. Right. They have this sort of confidence to them and
Gwenevere Abriel: If you were in a sense, uncertain, you would feel comfortable going
LG Stylo 5: To the
Gwenevere Abriel: Man and saying, I don't know what to do. What should I do. What could I do or even sometimes being in their presence, we feel more confident because they have this experience and knowledge.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it seem like he has experienced and knowledge.
LG Stylo 5: I don't know. I guess I wasn't, I wasn't thinking of it.
LG Stylo 5: That way, I guess I was just thinking like
LG Stylo 5: He just like because my, my dad was there.
LG Stylo 5: And that like I never had.
LG Stylo 5: Like
LG Stylo 5: A male role model. You know, I mean, I grew up with to my grandmother's. You know what I mean.
LG Stylo 5: So whenever our ages.
LG Stylo 5: And I guess he would just, he was the one that like taught me.
LG Stylo 5: Because he was good at like building things like I remember we would go to the free market that he used to sell. There's a gift to make like these.
LG Stylo 5: Um, I guess they're like shelves. I don't know, but they're just like crazy shells and he would. My God, a wood and stuff and metal and all that and he would just show me how to do that and like work on cars and stuff. That's how I kind of learned
LG Stylo 5: A little bit of work.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's perfect. And that's perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: This this wallaby of grandpa who can show you how to build and how to work on cars me these are just these are amazing pieces of information and knowledge that he can share he already holds them in his in his head. He doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, just enough to go somewhere else. He just knows how to do it and he can teach you
Gwenevere Abriel: To just really let
Gwenevere Abriel: That in and be present with that. And not only does he have this wisdom. He's also
Gwenevere Abriel: able and willing to teach you. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the president without wise figure Grandpa.
LG Stylo 5: And it kind of sucks.
LG Stylo 5: Like, I don't even know what happened to him.
LG Stylo 5: He just and they got divorced or whatever.
LG Stylo 5: And after that he had he had his own house, but
LG Stylo 5: I wouldn't really see him that much like I went over there. Couple times but
LG Stylo 5: And then
LG Stylo 5: All of a sudden, he was just gone. He just I heard that he moved to California, Mexico.
LG Stylo 5: I don't know about you, close, close like I don't know but
LG Stylo 5: He was just
LG Stylo 5: That's what I thought. Okay, I guess. Yeah, that's beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is there anyone else or anything that we could add to it. You can have more than one in this wise figure
LG Stylo 5: I guess.
LG Stylo 5: I didn't really
LG Stylo 5: I wasn't really close with Tim my
LG Stylo 5: Here's my here's my uncle, I guess, but he lived in California and like I would only see him.
LG Stylo 5: During the summertime, because every summer.
LG Stylo 5: I would, we would go out to California to take me to Disneyland and to the beach and all that stuff.
LG Stylo 5: So my uncle, he would. I would just, I would always be with him and he just knew a lot to like
LG Stylo 5: Let that mostly with like sports. I would say
LG Stylo 5: You
LG Stylo 5: Taught me all all that
LG Stylo 5: You would like just teach me things because I was like at the beach. I just, I didn't
LG Stylo 5: Really know
LG Stylo 5: About
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: For a moment, see how true it is just bring up into your awareness, the quality of Grandpa.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a role model of teaching how to build things with wood and metal and, you know, maybe even how to sell it. Right. And then all maybe walking with him and how to set it up and just the whole thing and then also this presence of your uncle.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he knew about sports and you could learn from his wisdom and teaching you things at the beach.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I want you to add if you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost like a team.
Gwenevere Abriel: A collection of all three.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of your grandma.
Gwenevere Abriel: The quality of protective sometimes people pull away from the actual image of a person because maybe there's conflict there but
Gwenevere Abriel: We really want this quality of a protective figure we want a nurturing figure of your aunt and we want this wise quality all together interacting together and surrounding you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just take some time and do some imagery with that and tell me what what comes up for you.
LG Stylo 5: Don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we do you you like to do drawings. Why don't you
Gwenevere Abriel: Turn, turn to a blank sheet of paper and let's see if we can have you actually sketch it
Gwenevere Abriel: Not about words. Sometimes it's about just getting it out in any way it can getting a visual on it.
LG Stylo 5: So I
LG Stylo 5: Understand
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, like
LG Stylo 5: To put them
LG Stylo 5: All in
LG Stylo 5: One place.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can do that or you could have them all in the same room and have you there too. Let's see what what what it's more interesting less about my instruction.
Gwenevere Abriel: And more about what your truth is. OK, so there's no wrong way to do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: So as you look at this paper and you think I'm I'm being present with this sense of safety and protection through my grandma, I have this awareness and quality of my aunts nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: I have this presence of the quality of a wise figure of grandpa and Uncle
Gwenevere Abriel: You sketch what comes up for you.
LG Stylo 5: And remember, this is
Gwenevere Abriel: Your base course this is in the service of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something that you and I might incorporate and likely will
Into the work we do together.
LG Stylo 5: The things that, like,
Gwenevere Abriel: They are the knowledge
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we've got three things protective nurturing and why figures.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they can be all, do they be separate from you. They can be sort of symbols, they can be. They can be anything you want. The key is that you experience them.
Gwenevere Abriel: The you can let it in and feel it helps me actively thinking about it. So that's what you're doing right now is you're actually drawing something that sort of represents that I hope
LG Stylo 5: Yeah.
Take your time.
LG Stylo 5: No.
LG Stylo 5: I didn't know for some reason, I just thought
Like
LG Stylo 5: Like
LG Stylo 5: I don't know, I guess, I guess, for like
LG Stylo 5: Nurturing protect protector. I would just enjoy like
LG Stylo 5: Like
LG Stylo 5: Don't make sense. I guess now that I think about it.
LG Stylo 5: Like a lot. Hey, like a lock or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a like good
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, like
LG Stylo 5: Key loggers and
I like it because it has
Gwenevere Abriel: described it, or draw it for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Here this lock.
LG Stylo 5: I tell you, my, my dad came over here yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, what was
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of weird.
Yeah.
Cuz
I just
LG Stylo 5: Don't like even since he's been out now and he's been out since like 2017 years
LG Stylo 5: Like the end or like the beginning of 2018 then
LG Stylo 5: You still I haven't really
LG Stylo 5: spent time with him done anything
LG Stylo 5: And and
LG Stylo 5: I really don't like I just don't know him.
LG Stylo 5: But
LG Stylo 5: And he
LG Stylo 5: He just don't you just turn back more like a friend or something.
Ah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would that be okay for now.
Gwenevere Abriel: As you get to know him a little
Bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you really want him yeah cuz more like sharing wisdom with
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, I guess I would like him to be
LG Stylo 5: But I just
LG Stylo 5: I just
LG Stylo 5: I don't even care.
Gwenevere Abriel: You care a little and it's weird to care a little and both have lowered expectations but still a little bit of expectation leftover maybe help a mixture of feelings.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, I guess.
LG Stylo 5: Like when he first got out like when I was getting up
LG Stylo 5: I didn't want nothing to do with him. And that's when I was
LG Stylo 5: With my baby's mama at every
LG Stylo 5: And she
LG Stylo 5: She was kind of the one that
LG Stylo 5: pushed me to go see him or
LG Stylo 5: To even talk to him talk to him.
LG Stylo 5: Because when he was like the only time you would ever try to get ahold of me, or whatever it was, when he needed something
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, so you
Gwenevere Abriel: May be
LG Stylo 5: Did you feel. Yeah, I guess.
LG Stylo 5: Not us. But
LG Stylo 5: But I guess he was kind of using but I didn't, I just, he just would never just call just to say like
LG Stylo 5: How you doing, how are my grandkids and stuff like that he would just
LG Stylo 5: I guess you'd call an act like that for the beginning of the time, but then
LG Stylo 5: Always be because he wanted some things
Gwenevere Abriel: So Adam. It could be, and you're going to have to tell me more stories about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That he may not have it in them. You know what I mean, to be this this wise, all knowing, nurturing protective role model. He may not have it in him right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe someday maybe not.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I am I am sorry that that's the case. I wish he had it in him.
Gwenevere Abriel: But he might be so wrapped up in his own
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of goals and the things that he's working on the he he may not be as available to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: The way you need it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it kind of like
LG Stylo 5: That yeah I had
LG Stylo 5: Told them in the first place. I said,
LG Stylo 5: I'm writing all day like i don't i don't really
LG Stylo 5: Need a dad. I know I just, I said, if you want to make things right. I should be live for my kids.
Yes, and beauty.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah.
LG Stylo 5: So he has not yet been like once, maybe twice him to come somewhere but
LG Stylo 5: He didn't
LG Stylo 5: Call them.
LG Stylo 5: It's been like a long time since he
LG Stylo 5: hasn't seen him and I know if he was to just go on his own and just show up.
LG Stylo 5: My baby's mom's house. I know she would
LG Stylo 5: Give my voice to him and be like, Yeah, take whatever you're going to do.
LG Stylo 5: But he. Has anyone tried
LG Stylo 5: That
LG Stylo 5: Because I had told him that because I said I don't
LG Stylo 5: I don't care. I said, I don't
LG Stylo 5: Care, whatever happened. You've been in prison since I was 10 years old.
LG Stylo 5: I said if you want to try to be a dad now two years on food, everything just do it to my kids and he just, I guess it hurts, because
LG Stylo 5: If I never told him that he's still waiting have done it before me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
That makes sense, but
LG Stylo 5: Like for him. I didn't. I guess I didn't really feel like I do with my mom cuz
LG Stylo 5: I don't really know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, Adam. In general, we humans we no matter how bad our parents treat us. It's a weird thing we unconsciously want our parents approval.
Gwenevere Abriel: We want their attention. We want their love and you can't believe it, you're like, I know don't even know this guy haven't seen him. It's been 10 years
Gwenevere Abriel: You know he did this and this and this. Why do I want this man's attention or even secondhand attention to your children. It's just innate wiring. We're just wired that way so don't judge yourself for it.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah.
LG Stylo 5: And even like with my mom, I didn't really know her users.
LG Stylo 5: Like, because I was raised with but until I was
LG Stylo 5: Until I started high school, I was a freshman is when my grandma started getting sick.
LG Stylo 5: And then
LG Stylo 5: And then that's when my mom, I guess like stepped up and got an house for us and then
LG Stylo 5: Ever since then I lived with you.
LG Stylo 5: But
LG Stylo 5: Until that point, I didn't. I never really like I would see here and stuff like she was comes my god doesn't seem to see me and stuff like that but
LG Stylo 5: Not
LG Stylo 5: I didn't really know
LG Stylo 5: Me.
LG Stylo 5: And I guess that's close to my athletic as she was there the whole time I was growing up and stuff to
Gwenevere Abriel: My guess is that some
Gwenevere Abriel: Processed feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around dad or mom and it's probably going to have some impact on other relationships. So I think it's important for our work together to explore those further um we are at the top of the hour.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any chance you could show me even a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Symbol that you did.
LG Stylo 5: I mess it up. I have
Gwenevere Abriel: A contest grade.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah.
A lot like
Gwenevere Abriel: Representing protection and guidance.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Notice how
Gwenevere Abriel: Was the was the topic of your dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you notice how you're saying, I don't need anything from you. I don't know you. But deep down inside right
Gwenevere Abriel: We can't help it.
LG Stylo 5: Why isn't dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you in the right
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's why I started with. It could be
Gwenevere Abriel: That he may not have it to give
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be this huge piece of acceptance that his ability
Gwenevere Abriel: To nurture to protect and to model to be a role model may not be what you need. And it doesn't mean we can't find it elsewhere. It just might
LG Stylo 5: Mean
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to have
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning you do you have on grandma, grandpa. That's what this stuff is. That's what this imagery is we get to say I am loved. I am okay I'm gonna pull in this other imagery have to slowly but surely continue to let go and grieve.
Gwenevere Abriel: The disappointment of
Gwenevere Abriel: Father, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: We think we've got another step.
LG Stylo 5: And I understand for him because
LG Stylo 5: Who wouldn't spend 17 years in prison.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Harder in there.
I know
LG Stylo 5: He was in this and she was like 19 years
Gwenevere Abriel: So you do get that right, he probably didn't have what he needed either. And so how was he supposed to give it to you.
LG Stylo 5: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what you and I can do is we're going to test out and see what he's really capable of and we're going to try and get it from him if he's the guy if it turns out he doesn't have it, to give then the focus is on grieving letting go and just accepting his limitations. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Already felt a little soft and find out.
LG Stylo 5: What's
LG Stylo 5: Nice about soapbox injured ever remember how she gave me 10 of them. I think it was only supposed to
LG Stylo 5: Last till today so
LG Stylo 5: If she
LG Stylo 5: If I guess tomorrow.
LG Stylo 5: And tomorrow in group we have group tomorrow. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you going to ask for in group tomorrow, what do you need to be clear about with her.
LG Stylo 5: Just
LG Stylo 5: If she could just
LG Stylo 5: Do it a week.
LG Stylo 5: That's what I if she could just give me because I didn't even the pharmacy guy was was tripping. Like how how she will. I don't understand. She was on she was giving me to a day because I missed
LG Stylo 5: My group I miss group or whatever. So she gave me a link to a day so I had to go like every day you get to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are supposed to be on bridged So Adam I'm going to have to jump out but listen
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're not getting if you're not getting medicine that gets you to your next service then right then there's a problem. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You have group tomorrow. Do you have another book.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tomorrow, do you have enough to get you so that you'll wake up your group and then
LG Stylo 5: She'll write a prescription. You're good for today. No.
LG Stylo 5: I don't have. I don't have any for today, tomorrow, but I can. I know I took my last those
Gwenevere Abriel: Today, but
LG Stylo 5: You're on time. I got. Yeah, so I'll be all right until the morning and then, but I just need to ask her if she could just just ended today. Today, give me a week alone at my middle of like 17 years
Gwenevere Abriel: That I'm fine with that you've been showing up to your last couple of a session. So let's do that. Let's go. But don't miss individual therapy with me. Okay.
LG Stylo 5: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um, and so make sure you speak up tomorrow. I don't really need to text her at this point because you can follow up with her tomorrow morning.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
LG Stylo 5: Listen, good luck in
Gwenevere Abriel: Your job hunt and if you do decide to put your ego aside and just send little quick pictures.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over to your mom and say, hey, this is what I've been doing all day safe. See, take a look. This was filled out. This one's filled out. This was filled out or take a picture of the store. This is where I am. I'm talking I'm going in here, you don't. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Just to reassure
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's see if it works.